# PlayWithData2
Analyze Health Insurance

About the event
Data in the form of numbers and figures, text, photos and other formats exist in large quantities in the media, internet, social networks, scientific documents, etc. and help us to be aware of our surroundings. Such knowledge helps organizations, business owners and researchers to achieve their goals with more quality and precision. In the real data game event, teams interested in working with data receive a real data set and use any analytical method to work on this data in a competitive environment alongside other teams. . Then the committee of judges of the event will check the output of the teams and at the end the winning teams will be determined and the first to third places will receive cash prizes. How to participate in this event, schedule and judging criteria are on this page. We hope that by participating in this event, you will experience a pleasant scientific competition.

Event history
The first edition of this event in 2019, as one of the capacity-building programs for statistics, with the support of the International Institute of Statistics, the World Bank, the Scientific Data Analysis Team, the International Association of Industrial and Commercial Statistics, Day Insurance Company, the National Laboratory Brain mapping, Lund University and the Insurance and Financial Accounting Association of Iran were held virtually. About 350 people registered in this event and more than 150 people participated to compete in the competition section of this event. The data considered in the first event included four data sets in the fields of insurance, medicine, protein structures and time series, and after the competition, four teams won the competition and cash prizes were paid to them.
